---
title: Where's My Money
date: 2014-04-08 17:14 UTC
tags: 
published: false
---


<p> The basic idea for this project is a website for my roommates and I to keep track of who is spending money on what, who owes who money, and who has already been paid. I plan to build a simple mock-up type version (though it will still be functional and usable by my household) and in the future I plan to build a much more complicated and ambitious version. <p>

<p> The simple version of the website I will be creating using Sinatra, a simple DSL framework, and data_mapper in order to create processes for creating and updating money in an organized table.</p>

<p> The complicated version will take much more time. After the simple version is up and running, I want to rebuild the same website using Rails. I'd like to make it a website that could be used by many different households. The idea would be that one roommate in an apartment or house would be the designated 'head honcho' and would make the sites account for the rest of the roomates, who would thereafter be called his or her minions. Because everyone wants minions. After entering the e-mails of all of the head honchos minions, each minion would get an e-mail asking them to confirm that they are indeed roommates. Each roommate is entered into an array after being confirmed and all utilities, groceries, and other random things entered into the system would be divided by the length of this array. Rent can either be divided by the same amount or by a separate amount (to account for varying sizes of bedrooms, bathrooms, etc...). Every month, the amount of rent due from each roommate is sent to them via e-mail, and a confirmation e-mail sent to them and the head honcho when they have paid. The amount for the untilities and other costs will be entered manually by the head honcho, and that amount can either be sent in a separate e-mail or the same e-mail as the rent. </p>
